fix(datadog_logs sink): Apply agent-json header on events from agent (#22701)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/datadog_agent_http_header.fix.md

> Fix bug in datadog sink where data sent originating from the datadog agent is not 
> interpreted by the backend as an agent message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix bug in the `datadog_logs` sink where data sent originating from the Datadog Agent is not 
interpreted by the Datadog backends as an Agent message.
```

Reviewer 2: Agree with all of this except not sure "backend" should be pluralized to "backends."
